Profiling ga final (#6771)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/profiling/profile-details.mdx

---
title: Profile Details
sidebar_order: 50
description: 'Learn more about the profile details page.'
---

Profiling data can be used to gain insight into what methods and lines of your code are slow. Each profile has a detailed view that gives information about what happened in your code while the profile was collected and offers different ways to explore your profile data. This information can be found by going to the [Profiling page](https://sentry.sentry.io/profiling/) in sentry.io, clicking on a “Transaction” and then selecting a “Profile ID.”

![Profiling details page](profiling-details.png)

> The main visualization on this page is a flame chart. Learn more about flame charts in [Flame Charts and Flame Graphs](LINK HERE).

Author: ```suggestion
The main visualization on this page is a flame chart. Learn more about flame charts in [Flame Charts and Flame Graphs](/product/profiling/flame-charts-graphs).
```
